	She was getting drinks for Master. He was throwing a party with a bunch of his friends, and it was her job to make sure everyone was attended to. Whenever she noticed someone's glass was getting low, she brought a pitcher to refill it. Occasionally, she filled up a tray with martinis and other delicious drinks, and carried it over to the table for everyone. She could feel their eyes on her in her skimpy outfit, and tried to wiggle her ass as she walked, for their pleasure. She knew that if she did a good job, her master would be pleased and would use her when the party was over. She desperately wanted to please him, and to have him use her.

<horizontal line thing>

	Samantha woke up, and as usual, she was nude. She could remember bits and pieces of her dream, but it was fading quickly. Something about a party... getting drinks for a party, maybe? She tossed off her covers and threw her pajamas from the floor onto her dresser. She got dressed, and went downstairs to make herself some eggs. Her phone buzzed, and she saw a text from Andrew. 

Andrew: I need to make a website for college applications. Do you think you could design one for me?

	She finished cooking her eggs, and sent a reply

Samantha: Well what kinda website? I can do it for free if you just want something simple
Andrew: Shouldn't be too hard, I just want something that says my name and has a picture of me and some information
Andrew: Apparently it looks good on a college application

	It's not that she had something against Andrew, it's just she didn't care him very much. She could probably make something using some free host in about half an hour, and it would have to be good enough for him.

Samantha: Maybe, we'd have to talk about it more
Andrew: Can you come over to my house in about an hour? We can talk then
Samantha: Fine, see you then

	She ate her eggs, and popped on her computer. She replied to a few work emails, browsed hypnohub, watched YouTube videos, and resisted the urge to buy a fishnet top and a tiny skirt on amazon. After about 15 minutes, she remembered that she needed to pick up some groceries, and went to Wallmart. She picked up a bottle of milk, some eggs, and other boring things. When she was driving home, she noticed she felt horny, then just for kicks she stopped at a sex store to pick up some rather more interesting things.

	She dropped off her groceries at home, put the... other things in her hiding place for that kind of stuff, and drove to Andrew's house.

	"Hey hey hey," he said, answering the door, his eyes lingering on her breasts for a moment. "Come on in." He lead her inside, and poured her a glass of diet coke. "So, I was thinking it should have, like, a blue banner at the top with a picture of me, and my name right below it, and then below that it looks like a tan-ish fabric and it has my gpa and-"

	"Hold on, if you want a super fancy website like that there's more than just designing the page, you have to write the HTML and host it somewhere. I can make you a simple website and we can use a free host, but you're not going to have that kind of control with how it looks."

	He seemed dismayed at the thought, and she saw him holding up a sketch he had drawn of what he wanted his site to look like. "How much of this do you think will be possible?"

	"Well, I'm not really sure," she said, "what we should do is look through the themes on google sites and you can find one you like"

	"Heyyo, what's up Sam!" shouted Rebbecca from upstairs. The 16 year old girl zipped down the large staircase in a few seconds by sliding down the handrail.

	"Get outa' here Rebbecca, we're trying to talk about my website!"

	"The same website you wouldn't stop talking about for the past three days," she asked, with a mocking smile. "Besides, I think I have a right to chat with my cousin while she's here." Andrew was looking angry, like he wanted to do something but couldn't, and she went on. "Remember that math test I had to study for? I got a 100%"

	"100%? how long did you have to study for," she asked

	"I actually didn't study at all," replied Rebbecca, giggling.

	"A 100%, that's pretty good. Now, Samantha and I really need to get working on this site-"

	"Will you just let me chat with Sam for a minute!"

	"Okay, fine Rebbecca," he said, but he looked victorious, as if he had just won the argument. "Has anything else been going on?"

	She felt a little tingling in her pussy, no, her vagina. She tried to ignore it, but over the next couple seconds it grew and grew, making her hornier and hornier, and she knew that in a minute or two she was going to masturbate, even if she had to do it on the floor in front of Andrew. Her left hand started unconsciously moving towards her pussy.

	"Sorry, I have to go to the bathroom," said Rebbecca hurriedly, and ran off. Andrew just nodded and looked at me, as if he knew that was going to happen.

	"So, as I was saying-"

	"Sorry, I have to go to the bathroom too," she said, turning away from a disbelieving Andrew and running upstairs, as Rebbecca had already taken the downstairs bathroom.

	