    When Samantha woke up the next morning, she glanced at her phone. It was still morning, and she had to sheild her eyes from the brindingly bright time and date displayed on the screen. When her eyes adjusted, she saw a clear "7:03". She had woken up a bit earlier then she needed to, despite how late she had gotten to bed. She never needed an alarm clock, because for some reason she always woke up at around the same time, even when she got to bed late. She didn't have to go to work until 8:00, so she figured that she would probably be able to check out that site, sleepychat or something.
        As she was getting dressed, her phone jingled. She glanced at the screen to see a text from a coworker, Heidi.

Heidi: Where r you?!! It starts in 2 minutes!

        She was confused for a moment, and then it hit her. She and a couple of others in her group had a big meeting with McGraw Hill Education. A meeting that started at 7:10. She threw on the rest of her clothes, grabbed a disposable toothbrush out of the bathroom drawer, jumped into her car, and drove just slightly above the acceptable speed. When she arrived, she was only 5 minutes late. She mumbled an apology and sat down in the confrence room, and Heidi gave her a smile. Luckily for Samantha, it was a friday and nobody was very happy about having to wake up 50 minutes earlier than usual, so nobody seemed to mind too much. She sped though the rest of the workday, mostly on autopilot. The biggest annoyance of her entire day was at having to tell everyone that no, she wasn't sick or something, she just hadn't put on any makeup.

        When she got home she poured herself a bowl of Honey Nut Cheerios, and sat down in front of her laptop. She browsed through /r/erotichypnosis for a few minutes, looking at questions on where to find various files, questions about hypnosis, hypnotists sharing inductions and the like. She checked Brandon Sanderson's blog to see how far away his next book was, and spent a little time reading on Quora. 

        A few minutes later, a hangouts message popped up,

<04:49 PM>
The_Id_Monster: Did you check out that site?
Tweety44: what was it called again?
Tweety44: Oh yeah sleepychat
The_Id_Monster: I just did some roleplay on there and it was uber-fun
Tweety44: Uber? really?
Tweety44: also I thought it was for real hypnosis
The_Id_Monster: you can oick which type you want
Tweety44: Ah ok
Tweety44: I'll go check it out
The_Id_Monster: I'll keep quiet then. have fun!

        I opened chrome and went to sleepychat.com. After waiting a second for it to load, I was presented with a box that said "Welcome to sleepychat" and asked for my username, gender, role, and whether I wanted to roleplay. I filled out all the information, and clicked "start matchmaking" at the bottom. Immediately I was connected to "ScottButcher"

Scott: Hi!
Sam: Hello!
Sam: I'm a bit new here...
Scott: Hehe, that's okay. Pretty much everyone is, this site is only a couple months old
Sam: Well, okay
Scott: So how are you today?
Sam: Pretty good
Sam: You?
Scott: I'm doing pretty well myself
Scott: Have you come here to be hypnotized, or just chat?
Sam: Hypnotized. It would be my first time, actually
Scott: Ah, fun
Scott: Well,  what are your limits?

        Nobody had ever asked me that on Zetle, but it was such a good question to ask

Sam: Uhh... no Skype please. And also nothing dangerous
Scott: Of course :)
Scott: Are you ready to begin? You don't have to go to the bathroom?
Sam: Yep and yep
Scott: Okay then. Are you sitting down?
Sam: Yeah
Scott: Please trace 2 diamonds on the ground with your toes, one per foot

        That was weird... not like any induction I had ever seen. But I traced the diamond.

Sam: ok
Scott: Now, trace a circle around each diamond

        I did so, more quickly than I had traced the diamond.

Sam: ok
Sam: now trace 2 squares, 1 around each circle

       I obediently traced the squares.

Scott: Now re-trance the diamonds, please

        It was getting easier and easier to do as he asked, without thinking.

Scott: now retrace the rest of the shapes, then do it over and over again
Sam: ok

        I kept tracing, and I was getting more and more into it, and then next thing I knew I was wide awake, feeling relaxed yet somehow energetic, and no longer tracing shapes with my toes.

Scott: How do you feel?
Sam: Great! But what just happened?
Scott: I hypnotized you :)

        Could he really have? He hadn't really done anything to prove it, but then again I don't remember anything since I was tracing shapes.

Sam:  ... prove it
Scott: first I'd like to ask, are you okay with erotic hypnosis?
Sam: Totally
Scott: Okay then. Are your eyes green?
Sam: yeah? How did you know?
Scott: if your hair red?
Sam: okay this is creepy
Scott: Are your breasts 34DD?
Scott: Are your panties red?
Sam: Uhh... maybe?

        Oh my god. He really had hypnotized me.