    After her success last night, Samantha couldn't wait to try sleepychat again. After struggling for so long to see her fantasy become reality, she couldn't believe how easy it was to finally get results. She had almost begun to blame herself for not trying hard enough to be a good subject, but last night seemed effortless, more like a casual conversation than a semi-mystical domination of her mind. She definitely wanted more. She needed more.
    So, after a productive day, Samantha sat down at her computer, and made her way to sleepychat.com once again. After filling out and submitting the simple form, she was almost immediately connected.
    
6:22:07 pm: [INFO] Hi there, SamanthaIAm! You're now connected to the server.
6:22:07 pm: [INFO] Waiting for a new chat partner...
6:22:15 pm: [INFO] Found a chat partner! Say hello to ScottB, a male hypnotist.

    This was the same guy as last time, she realized. She felt her heart jump. It took her a few seconds to realize that her partner had said anything.

ScottB: Hi
SamanthaIAm:Oh, hi :)
ScottB: Ah, you again :)
ScottB: From yesterday
SamanthaIAm: Yes, that's right.
ScottB: So, are you looking to be hypnotized again?
SamanthaIAm: I am
ScottB: Okay :)
ScottB: Is there anything you want to do in particular?

    Samantha didn't care what he did to her. All she knew is that she needed to feel that feeling again. She needed to experience that loss of control, and this person was the only so far to do just that. Her hands trembled as she made out her reply.

SamahtaIAm: Um... Anything really.
ScottB: Okay
ScottB: Are you ready to start?
SamanthaIAm: sure

    Samantha typed in the number 5 and hit enter. She didn't remember exactly why, but the moment she did, she felt wide awake, alert, and better than her best night's sleep. As she stretched her arms high above her head, her chat partner sent another message.

ScottB: Hi
SamanthaIAm: :)
ScottB: How do you feel?
SamanthaIAm: wow... I feel great...
SamanthaIAm: so what did you do this time?
ScottB: It's a secret :)
ScottB: You'll see.
SamanthaIAm: what do you mean?
ScottB: It'll be a surprise!

    Samantha took a moment to think. She tried as hard as she could to remember the trance, but she couldn't, and scrolling up past the number 5 looked like a completely blank space. Her breathing picked up in no time at all. She just couldn't believe what was happening, yet her eyes refused to let her deny it. After a long moment, and a "You there?" from ScottB, she began to calm down, and then proceeded to ask:

SamanthaIAm: It won't affect my normal life will it? I'm not into humiliation.

    That wasn't strictly true, she actually found the idea of being made to humiliate herself quite arousing. It wasn't the humiliation, but that someone has so much control over her that he could make her do something she really didn't want to do. But she wanted that to stay a fantasy, at least for now.

ScottB: Oh don't worry. It won't go that far.
ScottB: Unless you want it to.

    That made her feel safer, but did nothing to satisfy her curiousity. She almost felt like she would beg to know, but another message distracted her.

ScottB: So, are you alone?
SamanthaIAm: yes
ScottB: Good. So what should we take off first?
ScottB: Your pink tanktop, or your white shorts?
SamanthaIAm: I uhh
ScottB: I think the tanktop should go first.

    Before she even finished reading, her hands grabbed onto the bottom of her shirt, and pulled up. Again, she realized what she was doing, but just could not stop it. Her arms continued to rise, and as her top crested her breasts, a wave of arousal and helplessness came over her. She struggled just to think, astonished at what had happened. Her breath quickened yet again, and once her arms stopped moving of their own will, she instinctively covered herself. It took another moment to begin her reply.

SamanthaIAm: hey! How do you do that? I know you have the brackets thing, but how
ScottB: I just asked you :)
ScottB: So, how do you like that outfit you have on?
SamanthaIAm: It's fine, i guess...
ScottB: Do you normally go out in public like that?
SamanthaIAm: It's actually just my work out clothes, so not too often.
ScottB: I think you should look down.

    In that moment, she felt a little cold. Samantha looked down and saw that the only thing on her body was her panties. All of her clothes, save for those light pink panties, were strewn around her chair. Her breath caught in her throat, and she felt the most delicious sense of vulnerability. Her hands moved faster than her mind.

SamanthaIAm: oh my god!
SamanthaIAm: when di you
ScottB: Just now :)
SamanthaIAm: i cant believe it

    No sooner than she had reached down to grab her shorts had she found that she had already been redressed. She felt a bit confused for a second as to what had just happened, when she realized she felt calm and yet alert, just as before. Samantha took a moment to look about the room, and focused again on the computer screen.

ScottB: Hey
ScottB: How do you feel?
SamanthaIAm: good. what just happened?
ScottB: I put you back into trance :)
ScottB: You were getting pretty excited just now.
SamanthaIAm: What did I do?
ScottB: Oh not much. Just begged me to do more with you.
SamanthaIAm: so what did you do?
ScottB: Long story short, I gave you a game to play.
ScottB: Throughout tomorrow, you will notice some things here and there,
ScottB: that will remind you how good a subject you are,
ScottB: and the game will end when you come back here tomorrow night :)
SamanthaIAm: really? That sounds like fun!
ScottB: Oh, it will be.
SamanthaIAm: So what are the rules?
ScottB: You don't need to know the rules.
ScottB: Your subconscious knows them for you :)

    Something deep down made Samantha really like this idea. Not just the game, but the fact that she would play it without even knowing what would happen. All she knew about the game is that her mind would play it for her. She didn't even know how, or when, and that made it all the more exciting for her. As she thought it over, Samantha looked at her clock, and realized that is was almost time for bed.

SamanthaIAm: oh, it's late. I have to go :)
ScottB: Have fun!

    Samantha awoke the next day in a jumble of sheets and comforter, two of her 3 pillows on the floor halfway across the room. At first, she just laid there, eyes closed, letting herself come to. Lifting her arm from where it hang off the bed, she openned her eyes to find her smooth, black hair strewn across her face. Removing the hair, she took a deep breath in, held it, and stretched both her arms, and her legs. Her last pillow fell of the bed. And as she sat up, her eyes still only half open, she realized that she had been sleeping with her feet near her headboard, completely upside own from her normal position. A moment later, an alert rang from her phone. It was her friend.

<6:51 AM>
The_Id_Monster: Hey! So have you gone to sleepychat yet?
Tweety44: I did.
The_Id_Monster: Well, did you enjoy it?
Tweety44: I met this hypnotist in matchmaking, named ScottB.
The_Id_Monster: Oh, him. Yea he's fun!
The_Id_Monster: So what did you do? Did you orgasm? :3

    Samantha was a little surpised by that last message. Her friend had never directly talked about erotic themes like this before. She looked at the message again.

The_Id_Monster: So what did you do? Did you get hypnotized? :3

    She had misread it, but something seemed off... Something had stirred inside of her, and made her feel... aroused? The feeling was extremely faint, so she dismissed it, and returned to the converstion.

Tweety44: I think I was, actually.
The_Id_Monster: That's great! Told you the place was better than Zetle!
Tweety44: yea... hey I'll talk later.
