

All the little bits of foreshadowing I've been dropping along without really knowing where they're going should come together here :)

--

	Samantha woke up and glanced at the clock on her phone. *Huh*, she thought, *6:42? I'm up early today. Well, I guess that means I can spend some time on Sleepychat before I go to work*. She put on some clothes (She was nude, and she found that fact equal parts arousing and annoying), brushed her teeth, ate some cereal, and popped on her laptop. She was planning to answer emails first, but she still had Hypnohub and Sleepychat up from the day before, so she just went straight to that. *Oh neat, they changed the UI.* Instead of printing a list of users when she joined, there was a sidebar on the side that listed everyone's names. 

?↕Perky
♂↑HypnoticPorcupine87
♂↑flimflamwammyjam
♂↑JonSmisu
♀↓Vim
♂↑Emacs
♂↕~Alex~
♀↓NikkiY
♀↑MistressY
♀↓Nope-balloon
♂↕PulseGuy
♀↓tiffany
♀↓Niceice
♂↕w
?↕steampunkSage
♂↓obliviondoll
M♂↑BurntPenny
♀↓CloudAmy
♀↓Annie
♂↓Rival
M♂↑Hypnonymoose
♂↓Haru
♂↑knowing-smile
♀↓Lauralai
♀↓flowerbomb
♂↓Darksideofthemind
♀↓GirlDroneMkIV
♂↓mmmm
A♀↕ElysianTail-Senpai
M♂↑ScottB

	There were some more names after that, but they were grayed out, which she assumed meant that they hadn't typed in a while.

6:58:59 am: [INFO] SamIAm♀↓ has joined.
steampunkSage: That sounds nice Annie :3
*Lauralai kinda wants a revealing straight jacket, because a normal one would squeeze the daylights out of her chest xwx;*
ElysianTail-Senpai: Sleepychat is getting a twitter, woo!
sapere_aude: oooh, a twitter!
Annie: I think I d/c'd.
ToHypnoFu: yay twitter ^.^
Haru: Oooh Annie, sorry. Have a cookie!
obliviondoll: Hi Sammy
*Annie eats the cookie.*
SamIAm: Hi OblivionDoll!
*Annie looks up at Haru, hoping for another cookie.*
Annie: Oh yeah, Hi Sam
Annie: What's up?
SamIAm: Well erm... I'm looking to be hypnotized
Hypnonymoose: I'm up for a session
Hypnonymoose: Wanna do it?
SamIAm: Sounds fun, let's
7:01:15 am: [INFO] Hypnonymoose would like to chat with you privately!
7:01:15 am: [INFO] *Click here to enter the room*.

	She clicked the link to enter the private room, excited for what was going to happen. She knew she didn't have a lot of time but there wasn't a meeting or anything today, and she didn't think her boss would mind too much if she turned up a little late.

7:01:19 am: [INFO] For your safety, private rooms are logged and viewable only by the Admin. The room can opt out of logging if all users opt out.
You can opt out by typing "/private" into chat. You can also force logging for complete safety by typing "/private never" into chat.
Please only opt out if you trust your hypnotist.
7:01:19 am: [INFO] SamIAm♀↓ has joined.
*Hypnonymoose flails cheerfully*
SamIAm: Hi
SamIAm: So how are you?
Hypnonymoose: I'm good, how are you?
SamIAm: Rite as rain
Hypnonymoose: Good to hear
Hypnonymoose: So, are you good with erotic stuff?
SamIAm: Yep
SamIAm: Bring it on
Hypnonymoose: :)
Hypnonymoose: You haven't seen anything yet
SamIAm: I was tized by *scottb*. 
SamIAM: Do you understand what that entails?
SamIAM: He and Ely conspired to give me the worst/best day of my life
Hypnonymoose: O_O
Hypnonymoose: I can only imagine the carnage...
SamIAM: Hehehe, it was on my cousin Andrew's birthday party, a few days ago
SamIAm: I have a trigger now, so do you mind if I listen to music while being tranced?
SamIAm: I think it might help me get deeper and block out everything else
Hypnonymoose: Go ahead
SamIAm: It's kind of upbeat though
Hypnonymoose: Couldn't hurt to try :)

	Samantha shrugged and put a nightcore mix on. It was her favorite (mostly because it didn't have Angel With a Shotgun), and it started with a slowish one so that was good too. She switched back to sleepychat, exited for what was going to happen next.

SamIAm: My trigger is 'Hypnotime', do your worst
Hypnonymoose: Before I do anything, could you answer this: Do you live in Califonia?
SamIAm: Uh yeah, I do actually
SamIAm: How'd you know?
*Hypnonymoose wonders if he should tell Sam how he knows*
SamIAm: Oh I know this trick, you already hypnotized me, asked me what state I live in, then made me forget I was hypnotized
Hypnonymoose: Nope :)
SamIAm: O.O
Hypnonymoose: Oh, this is going to be goood

	Samantha felt that wave of sleepiness again, and then she was awake, refreshed, and feeling great.

Hypnonymoose: 5
Hypnonymoose: Wide awake
SamIAm: Now I can only imagine what you've subjected my brain to
Hypnonymoose: Nothing too terrible
Hypnonymoose: But I set up what I think is going to be a very devious little plot
SamIAm: Oh really? What is it?
Hypnonymoose: Oh no, that would just ruin the *mystery*
Hypnonymoose: Now, I have to go tize NiceIce, so the effects of that trigger should kick in now

	As soon as he said the word "mystery" she started feeling aroused, and that feeling was growing every second.

SamIAm: Oh god
Hypnonymoose: Leave this chat open, by the way. I won't be here for about 5 minutes but then I'll be back

	What was he doing? She was trying to think about it, but she was getting so horny that it was hard to think straight. She knew that after a minute she wouldn't be able to do anything other than strip and masturbate, so she used her last remaining presence of mind to get up and close the curtains.

Hypnonymoose: Just sit tight :)

	Well what else was she going to do? One of her hands had begun to play with the button on her jeans, when she was interrupted by a text from Rebbecca, her cousin.

Rebbecca: Wazzup?

	It was very odd for Rebbecca to send a message like that, she noticed, she was usually very to the point with her texts, preferring to talk on the phone when she just wanted to chat. *Hmmm*, she thought, and typed a message to Hypnonymoose. She wasn't really thinking about what she was saying, just typing with one hand and taking off her pants with the other. After glancing at the screen, she decided to send Rebbecca a message.

Samantha: Not much, u?

	After a couple of minutes of her rubbing herself, she got a reply from Rebbecca. 

Rebbecca: I

	She didn't know what to make of it, but she glanced at the screen and then sent Rebbecca a reply. She wasn't really thinking, just acting. She was too horny to think.

Samantha: L
Rebbecca: I
Samantha: K
Rebbecca: E
Samantha: TEST ONE
Rebbecca: TEST WON
Samantha: E
Rebbecca: R
Samantha: O
Rebbecca: T
Samantha: I
Rebbecca: C
Rebbecca: TEST TO
Samantha: TEST TWO
Samantha: H
Rebbecca: Y
Samantha: P
Rebbecca: N
Samantha: O
Rebbecca: S
Samantha: I
Rebbecca: S

	On recieving the letter "S" from Rebbeca, she came.