I never go to Tim Hortons, so I apologize if this depiction is not realistic

------------

    Samantha awoke the next day in a jumble of sheets and comforter, two of her three pillows on the floor halfway across the room. At first, she just laid there, eyes closed, letting herself come to. Lifting her arm from where it hang off the bed, she openned her eyes to find her smooth, red hair strewn across her face. Removing the hair, she took a deep breath in, held it, and stretched both her arms, and her legs. Her last pillow fell off the bed. And as she sat up, her eyes still only half open, she realized that she had been sleeping with her feet near her headboard, completely upside own from her normal position. A moment later, an alert rang from her phone. It was her friend. She had to reach to grab her phone from it's charger, and in doing so she realized she was completely nude, with her pagamas and underwear piled up on the floor next to her. *Now how did that happen?* She instincively covered up with the bedsheet, and grabbed her phone from its spot on the floor. 

<6:56 AM>
The_Id_Monster: Hey! So have you gone to sleepychat yet?
Tweety44: I did.
The_Id_Monster: Well, did you enjoy it?
Tweety44: I met this hypnotist in matchmaking, named ScottB.
The_Id_Monster: Oh, him. Yea he's fun!
The_Id_Monster: So what did you do? Did you orgasm? :3

    Samantha was a little surpised by that last message. Her friend had never directly talked about erotic things like this before. She looked at the message again.

The_Id_Monster: So what did you do? Did you get hypnotized? :3

    She had misread it, but something seemed off... Something had stirred inside of her, and made her feel... aroused? The feeling was extremely faint, so she dismissed it, and returned to the converstion.

Tweety44: I think I was, actually.
The_Id_Monster: That's great! Told you it was better than Zetle!
Tweety44: Yea... hey I'll talk later.
Tweety44: I need to get dressed and go to work
The_Id_Monster: Cya later then!

	She put some clothes on and went off to work. She was earlier than usual, so she decided to get a Bagel BELT and a coffee at Tim Horton's. Drove to the one she always went to, and parked inside the laundromat next door. She had to wait in line for a few minutes, but it wasn't too bad. Eventually she got to the front of the queue so the boy at the register could take her order.

	"Would you like to have sex today?"

	She stumbled backwards, suprised by the cashier just asking her like that. After a moment, she realized that the man actually had said "What would you like to order today." She felt a little tingling of arousal, but it was faint.

	"Uh, just a cappuccino. Oh yeah, and a bagel belt."

	"That'll be $2.29"

	She handed him a $5 bill and took her change. She went to one of the tables to eat her food, and to think. 10 minutes later, having accomplished the former but not made much progress on the latter, she went to work.

	She hated her boss, Steven. He was always hitting on her. and checking her out. And worst of all, he always made some kind of innuendo when she came in. When she entered the office he looked her up and down and said "Do you want to come to my room and fuck?"

	A moment later she realized that he actually said "Do you want to come to my room and chat," and again she felt a little rush of arousal.

	"About what?"

	"Oh, you know..." he said, while wiggling his eyebrows.

	"Well, I've been having troble getting the Metallic Bonds section to layout properly. You see, I want to have it on the same page as the Ionic Bonds section, because they're related, but to do that I have to shrink down one of the charts to the right a tad to make more room, but if I do that then the page on Covalent Bonds-"

	"Actually, I just remembered I have to do something. Maybe later, okay?"

	She smiled and nodded. "Okay then, later." He walked off, and Heidi smiled at her.

	"That was hilarious. Let's just hope you you don't actually have to have sex with him later."

	Her mind seemed to lag behind for a moment, and then she realized she actually said "Let's just hope you you don't actually have to chat with him later." Again, she felt a rush of arousal. She was getting a little tured on, but she didn't mind. 

	The rest of the day, she kept thinking people said something blatantly sexual, then realizing what they actually said, then feeling a rush of arousal. And every time, the rush was just a little bit greater. By the time she had to go home, she was very hot and bothered (in a good way). She didn't usually mastrubate, but she was thinking that she might have to before the day was out. On her way out, Heidi stopped her and said "Are you okay, Sam? You look... horny."

	She waited a moment for her mind to realize what Heidi actually said.

	"Hello? Earth to Samantha, Earth to Samantha. I asked if anything was wrong, and said you look horny."

	"What?" Then, before she could think, she said "No, I'm not. Why do you ask?" She felt her hornyness go up, a lot.

	"Nevermind. Are you doing anything later today?"

	"Yeah, I have to go to my 2nd cousin's birthday party."

	"Ah, okay. Well, have fun!"

	"I'll try, thanks."

	She zipped home, put the 30 minute cake mix with some water and eggs, and threw it in the oven. She checked her email, but found it hard to concentrate given her arousal. Eventually she gave up, and jumped on the couch, ready to play a relaxing game of Minecraft. She booted up her Xbox and opened the game up. *Minecraft always puts me in a good mood* she thought, *and maybe it'll also make me less horny. I'll just play until the cake's ready, that should give me enough time to finish my house*. She open the game up and popped onto the world she was working on. She needed some glowstone for lighting, but the moment her left hand wasn't doing anything it shot between her legs and started rubbing. She pulled her hand away from what it was doing, and tried to focus on building. The moment she stopped paying attention, though, her hand went right back. *Quit playing with my pussy!* she thought, *That's odd, I usually don't use words like that*. She tried to ignore her vulgar inner monolog, and in doing so realized that her hand had gotten inside her panties. She felt another surge of hornyness, but tried to concentrate. Just as she was giving up keeping her hand away from her privates, the timer for the cake went off. She rinsed her hand off in the sink and put the cake on top of the stove to cool. Her left hand was rubbing in between her legs again, but she pulled it away so she could set a timer for 15 minutes. After that she would frost the cake and head to the party.

	The 15 minutes went by pretty much the same as the last half hour had, with her playing minecraft and also with herself. She did get a call from a coworker asking her "Where would you like to be fucked," except he was really asking "Where would you like figure 3-5?" When the timer buzzed, she frosted the cake with 'Happy birthday Andrew,' changed into a nice dress, and headed off to the party.

	When she arrived she was given a friendly greeting from Andrew, who was greeting everyone at the door.

	"Hi, Samantha, glad you could come. You look nice today."

	"Thank you" she said with a smile. "So What's it feel like to be an adult in the eyes of the law?"

	"Not much different from how it did before, actually. Although I bet I'll have an easier time fucking you now"

	She could tell by the way he sounded like he hadn't said anything odd, that he really hadn't. A moment later, she realized he had said "I bet I'll have an easier time finding a job now." She felt a surge of horniness

	"I'm sure you will. You want to be a pharmacist, right?"

	"Yep," he said as his grandparents walked in.

	He said "Hi, Grandma and Grandpa, glad you could come." She walked around the bend and sat her cake on the table, where all the food was laid out. She noticed that her hand was moving near her pussy, and definitely didn't want to start rubbing in front of the whole party. She hurried over to a chair and sat on her hands. Soon enough, Andrew's 19 year old sister Rebbeca sat down next to her. 

	"Hi Samantha, how's it going?" she asked.

	"Pretty well, how about you?" Samantha said back.

	"Eh, I guess I've been doing alright"

	"Have you been doing anything fun recently," asked Samantha. She noticed that Rebbecca was wearing very revealing clothing, much more than her usual self. She had a short skirt, tight shirt with a low neckline, and she was obviously wearing a push up bra.

	"Not really. I was chatting with some people on the internet the other day"

	"Really? Who?"

	She thought to her self for a moment, then seemed to come to a decision. "It was this big chat, a ton of people. There was this guy in there named... Ely? He had a weird name but that's what everyone was calling him."

	"What were they chatting about"

	"Well, they were talking about some TV show, Swords Online or something." she said. "I didn't spend a lot of time there."

	"Okay. What was the site called?"

	She looked distracted, and said "I don't remember, but it was fun. I'll tell you what it was called if it comes to me. Oh yeah, I have a math test in 2 days. I think I'll do fine but I still need to study for it."

	"I hope you do well," she said, smiling. "Has anything else been going on?"

	Rebbecca gasped, put her legs together and quickly said "I have to go to the bathroom." She ran off, and Samantha was left alone.
	
	Following her conversation with Rebbecca, Samantha suddenly realized that everyone was beginning to gather around. Andrew made his way to the last remaining seat, right in front of the birthday cake, and and as he sat down, someone came to light the candles on it. Moments later, the birthday song was sung, and Samantha joined in, but as soon as the song was finished, and she raised her hands to clap, she had noticed that her hand had once again found its way between her legs. *Oh no! Has anyone noticed?* As she began clapping with the rest of the crowd, she looked about the room. *Everyone seems focused on Andrew.* She let out a sigh of relief.

	The next 2 hours were a blur. Samantha had to constantly keep her attention on her hands, sometimes to the detriment of a conversation. Even her father had noticed and asked, but Samantha, without thinking, told him that she was just thinking about work. Again, her arousal spiked. She was going to have a wet spot on her dress for sure

	"Sam, work is important, but you need to remember to have sex every once in a while."

	No sooner than he had said that had Samantha realized he had actually said fun. And yet again, her arousal built. It was getting seriously difficult to keep her hands from touching herself, and she began to doubt she could handle it much longer.

	"I'll have fun, don't worry." She reached across the counter, cut a piece of coconut cake and set it on her plate. She gave her dad a look, as if to say "See? I can have fun" and he gave one back, as if to say "If you say so..." Her grandma called to him from across the room, yelling something about baby pictures, and he ran over there, stifling a laugh. 

	And again, the party continued in a blur. People continued to talk to her, asking if she was okay, and she always replied the same way without thinking, feeling a burst of arousal each time. It became increasingly difficult to keep from touching herself. She needed to get out before she started full-on masturbating in the bathroom. She said her goodbyes, claiming something important had come up, gave Andrew a hug, and left in more of a hurry than she intended to appear.
