I never go to Tim Hortons, so I apologize if this depiction is not realistic

------------

    Samantha awoke the next day in a jumble of sheets and comforter, two of her three pillows on the floor halfway across the room. At first, she just laid there, eyes closed, letting herself come to. Lifting her arm from where it hang off the bed, she openned her eyes to find her smooth, red hair strewn across her face. Removing the hair, she took a deep breath in, held it, and stretched both her arms, and her legs. Her last pillow fell off the bed. And as she sat up, her eyes still only half open, she realized that she had been sleeping with her feet near her headboard, completely upside own from her normal position. A moment later, an alert rang from her phone. It was her friend. She had to reach to grab her phone from it's charger, and in doing so she realized she was completely nude, with her pagamas and underwear piled up on the floor next to her. *Now how did that happen?* She instincively covered up with the bedsheet, and grabbed her phone from its spot on the floor. 

<6:56 AM>
The_Id_Monster: Hey! So have you gone to sleepychat yet?
Tweety44: I did.
The_Id_Monster: Well, did you enjoy it?
Tweety44: I met this hypnotist in matchmaking, named ScottB.
The_Id_Monster: Oh, him. Yea he's fun!
The_Id_Monster: So what did you do? Did you orgasm? :3

    Samantha was a little surpised by that last message. Her friend had never directly talked about erotic themes like this before. She looked at the message again.

The_Id_Monster: So what did you do? Did you get hypnotized? :3

    She had misread it, but something seemed off... Something had stirred inside of her, and made her feel... aroused? The feeling was extremely faint, so she dismissed it, and returned to the converstion.

Tweety44: I think I was, actually.
The_Id_Monster: That's great! Told you it was better than Zetle!
Tweety44: Yea... hey I'll talk later.
Tweety44: I need to get dressed and go to work
The_Id_Monster: Cya later then!

	She put some clothes on and went off to work. She was earlier than usual, so she decided to get a Bagel BELT and a coffee at Tim Horton's. Drove to the one she always went to, and parked inside the laundromat next door. She had to wait in line for a few minutes, but it wasn't too bad. Eventually she got to the front of the queue so the boy at the register could take her order.

	"Would you like to have sex today?"

	She stumbled backwards, suprised by the cashier just asking her like that. After a moment, she realized that the man actually had said "What would you like to order today." She felt a little tingling of arousal, but it was faint.

	"Uh, just a cappuccino. Oh yeah, and a bagel belt."

	"That'll be $2.29"

	She handed him a $5 bill and took her change. She went to one of the tables to eat her food, and to think. 10 minutes later, having accomplished the former but not made much progress on the latter, she went to work.

	She hated her boss, Steven. He was always hitting on her. and checking her out. And worst of all, he always made some kind of innuendo when she came in. When she entered the office he looked her up and down and said "Do you want to come to my room and fuck?"

	A moment later she realized that he actually said "Do you want to come to my room and chat," and again she felt a little rush of arousal.

	"About what?"

	"Oh, you know..." he said, while wiggling his eyebrows.

	"Well, I've been having troble getting the Metallic Bonds section to layout properly. You see, I want to have it on the same page as the Ionic Bonds section, because they're related, but to do that I have to shrink down one of the charts to the right a tad to make more room, but if I do that then the page on Covalent Bonds-"


	"Actually, I just remembered I have to do something. Maybe later, okay?"

	She smiled and nodded. "Okay then, later." He walked off, and Heidi smiled at her.

	"That was hilarious. Let's just hope you you don't actually have to have sex with him later."

	Her mind seemed to lag behind for a moment, and then she realized she actually said "Let's just hope you you don't actually have to chat with him later." Again, she felt a rush of arousal. She was getting a little tured on, but she didn't mind. 

	The rest of the day, she kept thinking people said something blatantly sexual, then realizing what they actually said, then feeling a rush of arousal. And every time, the rush was just a little bit greater. By the time she had to go home, she was very hot and bothered (in a good way). She didn't usually mastrubate, but she was thinking that she might have to before the day was out. On her way out, Heidi stopped her and said "Are you okay, Sam? You look... horny."

	She waited a moment for her mind to realize what Heidi actually said.

	"Hello? Earth to Samantha, Earth to Samantha. I asked if anything was wrong, and said you look horny."

	"What? Yes, I am. I'm not sure why." That was unusually blunt of Heidi, but she was never very reserved.

	"Well, okay then. Are you doing anything later today?"

	"Yeah, I have to go to my cousin's birthday party."

	"Ah, okay. Well, have fun!"

	"I'll try, thanks."

	She zipped home, put the cake mix with some water and eggs, and threw it in the oven. She checked her email, but found it hard to concentrate given her arousal. Eventually she gave up, and jumped on the couch, ready to play a relaxing game of Minecraft. She booted up her Xbox and opened the game up. *Minecraft always puts me in a good mood* she thought, *and maybe it'll also make me less horny. I'll just play until the cake's ready, that should give me enough time to finish my house*. She open the game up and popped onto the world she was working on. She needed some glowstone for lighting, but whenever one of her hands wasn't doing anything it shot between her legs and started rubbing.